Are you considering a career in data science? If you are, hi, I'm Daniel and I'm a data scientist
here at Posit. One, try anything. No, that was good, that was good, that was good. Number one,
try anything. You don't need a full-blown analysis to get started. I got started in data science by
loading an excel file, doing transpose, and saving the data set out. Even though it's something I
can already do in excel, it didn't hinder my work later on. All you need is small wins. Number two,
if you need a data set, Kaggle or Tidy Tuesday are a great place to start. So if you need something
like stock data or even video game logs, you can probably find a data set of your interest there.
If you have a busy life, all you need to do is timebox. Spend 30 minutes in a regular consistent
pattern. Even if you just got through installation, you just got started. If you got to the docs,
then you know where to start next time. And if you actually got a data set loaded, well,
you just started. If you like content like this, follow Positive for more tips.